cat sleep house
dog sleep house
cat animal
dog animal
animal sleep
house room
room table
room chair
sit chair
sit table
bird fly wild
bird animal
fish swim wild
fish animal
horse run farm
horse animal
cow farm animal
pig farm animal
sheep farm animal
chicken farm animal
duck farm animal
pet animal house
zoo animal wild
kitchen house room
bedroom house room
bathroom house room
living house room
door house
window house
wall house
roof house
table kitchen
chair kitchen
bed bedroom
sofa living
desk bedroom
lamp bedroom
shelf living
sit chair
sit sofa
sleep bed
eat kitchen
drink kitchen
walk house
run wild
fly bird
swim fish
cat pet
dog pet
bird pet
fish pet
mouse small animal
rat small animal
rabbit animal hop
fox wild animal
wolf wild animal
bear wild animal
deer wild animal
elephant big animal
lion wild animal
tiger wild animal
monkey animal tree
giraffe tall animal
zebra animal stripe
penguin bird swim
owl bird night
eagle bird fly
parrot bird talk
swan bird water
butterfly fly flower
bee fly flower
ant small insect
spider small animal
frog animal water
turtle slow animal
snake animal ground
lizard small animal
shark fish ocean
whale big fish
dolphin smart fish
salmon fish river
goldfish pet fish
home house live
apartment home live
office work building
school learn building
hospital help building
store buy building
restaurant eat building
hotel sleep building
library read building
museum visit building
garden grow plant
park tree grass
forest tree wild
mountain high rock
river water flow
lake water calm
ocean water big
beach sand water
island water around
city big place
town small city
village small town
street road car
road car travel
bridge cross water
car drive road
truck big car
bus people ride
train fast travel
plane fly sky
boat water travel
ship big boat
bicycle ride street
motorcycle fast bike
food eat hungry
bread food eat
meat food animal
cheese food milk
milk drink cow
water drink clean
juice drink fruit
coffee drink hot
tea drink hot
fruit sweet eat
apple red fruit
orange orange fruit
banana yellow fruit
grape small fruit
strawberry red fruit
vegetable green eat
carrot orange vegetable
potato brown vegetable
tomato red vegetable
onion cry vegetable
lettuce green vegetable
rice white food
pasta food eat
pizza food cheese
cake sweet food
cookie sweet small
clothing wear body
shirt clothing wear
pants clothing leg
dress clothing woman
skirt clothing woman
jacket clothing warm
coat clothing cold
hat clothing head
shoes clothing foot
socks clothing foot
gloves clothing hand
red color bright
blue color sky
green color grass
yellow color sun
orange color fruit
purple color flower
black color dark
white color bright
brown color earth
gray color cloud
pink color flower
color see bright
bright light see
dark night black
light bright see
heavy big weight
big large size
small tiny size
large big size
tiny very small
huge very big
tall high long
short low small
wide big across
narrow small across
thick big around
thin small around
hot warm fire
cold cool ice
warm hot nice
cool cold nice
fast quick speed
slow not fast
quick fast move
loud big sound
quiet small sound
soft nice touch
hard not soft
smooth nice feel
rough not smooth
clean not dirty
dirty not clean
new not old
old not new
young not old
happy feel good
sad feel bad
angry feel mad
excited feel happy
tired need sleep
hungry need food
thirsty need water
love feel good
like enjoy good
hate feel bad
want need desire
need require must
give share hand
take get receive
make create build
break not work
open not close
close not open
start begin first
stop end finish
go move away
come move here
look see eye
see look eye
hear sound ear
listen hear careful
speak talk mouth
talk speak word
read book eye
write word hand
work job do
play fun enjoy
study learn book
learn get knowledge
teach give knowledge
help assist support
buy get money
sell give money
cook make food
clean make clean
wash clean water
drive car control
travel go place
visit go see
meet see person
know understand mind
think use mind
feel touch emotion
remember know past
forget not remember
morning day start
afternoon day middle
evening day end
night dark sleep
today this day
yesterday past day
tomorrow next day
week seven day
month four week
year twelve month
time clock measure
clock time show
watch time hand
calendar time date
weather sky condition
sun bright hot
moon night bright
star night sky
cloud sky water
rain water sky
snow cold white
wind air move
storm bad weather
tiger orange black
elephant gray big
lion yellow wild
bear brown wild
monkey brown tree
giraffe yellow tall
zebra white black
penguin black white
owl brown night
eagle brown fly
parrot green talk
swan white water
butterfly color fly
bee yellow black
frog green water
turtle green slow
snake long ground
shark gray dangerous
whale blue big
dolphin gray smart
salmon pink fish
mouse gray small
rabbit white soft
fox red smart
wolf gray wild
deer brown fast
home warm safe
apartment small home
office work place
school learn place
hospital sick help
store buy things
restaurant eat place
hotel travel sleep
library quiet read
museum old things
garden green grow
park tree fun
forest many tree
mountain very high
river long water
lake round water
ocean very big
beach sand fun
island water around
city many people
town small city
village very small
street cars walk
road long travel
bridge over water
red apple sweet
blue sky clear
green grass grow
yellow sun bright
orange fruit sweet
purple flower pretty
black night dark
white snow clean
brown earth dirt
gray cloud sky
pink flower soft
shirt blue wear
pants brown wear
dress red pretty
jacket black warm
shoes brown walk
hat red head
gloves warm hand
socks white foot
bread brown eat
meat red protein
cheese yellow milk
apple green red
banana yellow sweet
grape purple small
tomato red round
carrot orange long
potato brown round
onion white cry
rice white grain
pasta yellow eat
pizza round cheese
cake sweet birthday
cookie small sweet
morning sun rise
afternoon sun high
evening sun set
night moon star
today present time
yesterday past time
tomorrow future time
week work days
month long time
year very long
sun very hot
moon night light
star twinkle night
cloud white gray
rain wet fall
snow white cold
wind blow air
weather outside condition 