# Test word pairs - mix of related and unrelated
# Format: word1,word2,description
cat,dog,related animals
cat,animal,cat is animal
table,chair,furniture
bird,fly,bird action
fish,swim,fish action
kitchen,house,room in house
bed,sleep,bed for sleeping
farm,cow,farm animal
cat,table,unrelated
bird,kitchen,unrelated
mouse,rat,both small rodents
lion,tiger,both big cats
elephant,whale,both very large
monkey,animal,monkey is animal
penguin,swim,penguin action
eagle,fly,eagle action
butterfly,fly,butterfly action
shark,ocean,shark habitat
dolphin,fish,dolphin is fish
horse,fast,horse characteristic
turtle,slow,turtle characteristic
snake,animal,snake is animal
red,color,red is color
blue,color,blue is color
green,color,green is color
yellow,sun,sun is yellow
happy,sad,opposite emotions
hot,cold,opposite temperatures
big,small,opposite sizes
fast,slow,opposite speeds
clean,dirty,opposite conditions
new,old,opposite ages
morning,evening,opposite times
sun,moon,day vs night
rain,snow,both weather
car,truck,both vehicles
train,plane,both transportation
bread,food,bread is food
apple,fruit,apple is fruit
carrot,vegetable,carrot is vegetable
shirt,clothing,shirt is clothing
home,house,similar meanings
work,office,work location
study,school,study location
cook,kitchen,cooking location
sleep,bedroom,sleeping location
read,library,reading location
hospital,office,both buildings
school,office,both buildings
swim,water,swimming requires water
drive,car,driving requires car
write,read,both actions
see,look,both visual
hear,listen,both auditory
think,know,both mental
love,like,both emotions
time,clock,time measurement
weather,rain,weather element
storm,wind,storm component
forest,park,both nature places
garden,park,both outdoor places
beach,ocean,beach near ocean
mountain,river,both natural features
river,water,river contains water
city,town,both populated places
village,town,village is small town
island,ocean,island in ocean
bridge,road,bridge for crossing
street,road,both for travel
food,hungry,food satisfies hunger
water,thirsty,water satisfies thirst
tired,sleep,tired needs sleep
cold,jacket,cold requires jacket
rain,coat,rain protection
dark,light,opposite conditions
mouse,elephant,very different animals
ocean,cookie,completely unrelated
mountain,socks,unrelated items
bread,tiger,unrelated objects 